# Python---EDA
This project contains the assessment of the employees and their details cross various teams. Here the assessment is done both on employees and the team. 
To find out the distribution of employees across teams and determine the percentage split relative to the total number of employees, we use 'value_counts()' too get the total number of employees in eah team and use the percentage formula. It can be displayed in a bar chart to have a better understanding of the data which we have provided using matplot library pyplot.
Next we move on to seggregate players based on their positions within the company. For that we call the two columns that contains the name and positions of the employees and using value_counts we can display the total number of employees in each positions. Along with that using conditional statements we can separately access the data of all employees in each positions. Here we used a pie chart in the matplot library pyplot to do the graphical representation of the data.
Coming to the analysis of predominant age group, we can use the help of goupby function to group the employees in a certain age group and display the max number of employees among them using value counts and idxmax function. Again a bar chart can easily represent the data analysis visually.
To find out the salary expenditure of the company on each position, we can again use the groupby function to group all the positions together and then find the maximum value in it. A pie chart with a pie exploded out can represent the data analysis visually.
Finally, to find out if there is any correlation between salary and age we grouped players of the same age and found out the total salary for them (groupby function). A line chart of the resulting data can give a better understanding.
